# HomeTeq
Simple applications and examples using PHP
homteq is a highly-specialised retailer that offers a wide range of devices at the most competitive prices to make home and life SMART. homteq retails many devices to the general public and to corporate business organisations. The products sold by homteq include smart security cameras that can be set up to check on your home remotely, smart energy systems that can be configured to control your home appliances from a distance, smart speakers that use voice-controlled assistants to provide a range of information and smart watches that can be used for a wide array of purposes. 
 
homteq is undertaking a project that aims to analyse, design and develop a database-driven web application to retail their products online. The homteq Web site should be accessible by 2 types of users. homteq administrators should be able to use the system to maintain the range of devices on offer on the online platform e.g. add new products, edit details of existing products or delete products. homteq customers should be able to use the Web site to browse through the products on offer, view the details of the products on offer, temporally reserving products by adding them to a basket, signing up and creating an account if they are new customers, logging in if they are returning customers, and finally, checking out and finalising their order with homteq. Administrators should also be able to view the orders that have been placed by customers and process these orders on the system by changing the status of the order when they have been delivered and therefore completed. 
